sorry to see April 7 in the lópez mateos
they will not regret it and they will enjoy
what to see the real wrestling me
I remember a lot of the last times
that he was seen in the Mexican arena was a
anniversary was Emilio talk was
the satanic and after that fight came out
very annoying it seems to me that not even
they finished the fight you came out very
annoying that fight will be precisely peace
rest my fight is a great great great
rival and possibly my god friend
I have it the wind rest is us
He advanced simply if there is discomfort
precisely in sense because to me
like to give the fight to the maximum if not
because be a veteran, do not have
sports embarrassment if something is left over
satanic is precisely shame
sports and I prefer now yes leave
the soul and the whole body to the rival
of the ring that for me was failed in the
public and now therefore in this a classic
what is waiting for the public is
waiting to see this next Sunday
when we talked on the phone it looked
Much respect there is much respect before
you but the rivalry is going to continue
until I finish commenting look
we are professionals already said we are
professionals and down the ring I can
turn on my hands and he gives it back to me
well as a professional that we are if we no longer
I say hello, I think everything ends there
I'm not going to end up selling either
stop eating is not understood is not going to
stop sleeping I just think that
the dandy eats it he understands what
understands precisely because as
just say yes I catch mips that
well I appreciate it that you have captured
little because I unleash it and with
transmits positive things good things
in the favor of wrestling I am and I
I consider myself a born defender of the fight
free and I want to return and we are
returning something of how much he gave us
wrestling and they are taking away
a little bit that means satanic that
remove the one from the means look then
nostalgia nostalgia because I would like
that there were many dandies that were born
many great that was not this kind of
wrestlers will not withdraw true but
it is impossible as well as a server
we want to be eternal because people
keeps asking us the logic follows
he keeps crying, he keeps seeing us as
the figures that were x if we do not follow
being
you are thanks to all of you and that
many say they come to us to remove the place
new gentlemen instead of us
we remove the place is ours we come
occupy it again and the same nothing else
with window not in one more I'm
willing to order the new
generation that I already faced from the
last great idol that emerged mystic already
I faced it too and take it then to mention
any other that has emerged
have gone through the rest of the tota nico both
in training as logistically
and finally some anecdote
they were rivalries for everything for all the
country a memory that the one that advanced the
greatest ruler I think that is
precisely look at the fill five times
the mexico arena with a duel that has
interested to the public for five
Sometimes the same rivals you know
that overnight people do not
Supports the expensive will bring to deal in 1
I do not grieve then this and that one
there was interest and that there were five
ones that is the biggest memory that
it is left to a server and above all that
if this occasion that we present ourselves
Clear
Join us as I speak flying and
hell in the starfight we are not going to
say that those flights we filled was
the complement of your program a whole
program you want it to complement
since the first fight this is a
attractive everything is the clear that the
stellar carries a little more weight
because he has to demonstrate
because he's a stellar and he has to
provide the public not in that sense
I say the only thing I have left is nothing more
wait for the response of the public that
I'm sure that's still what he's going to do
because he has a lot of people asked a lot
technical grace finally the return to
share a quadrilateral with the pirate
morgan and with the spectrum and the mega
very great satisfaction precisely in
the expo reform and see if the initiators
precisely two of the precursors
initiators of the infernal years
satanic spectrum and more one in peace
rest but the next one was
precisely pirate morgan and I think that
in that sense we are open to
listen to truth offers with the
promoters in fact there are two that you
offers this
things more dates already pending in that
meaning and hopefully spread a little bit
more because people want to see
precisely to satanic spectrum and
pirate morgan thank you very much thanks to
your